I think a bad interaction or as spss I'm
happy an excitement the alayka or
individually mirror as VSA out say but
meet Irish that thankfully could cut
that bitch Cardona yes Abbas a child but
peaceful interactive ok liberty or two
more passed give my research to the hot
sorry moment a co-teacher the other TN
joke
hummm a SBS case I Cherokee heck of a
panky lie ahead of Brazil I hey cop you
have new pooja cut here but not as gay
so there are a lot of memories ha
I've been Oh Sal complete array of kata
hominid socha heck USB a scale da9 layer
cake banana cake with special Karina's
so let's see how it works
Kaluga Happy Chef santosha with Cassata
on Roja may help Kandivali hey Jess vs
Kelly nine flavors kiss at cake banana
me because nine years completely is BS
me this is chef jihad special special to
java specially in terms of nine
flavors and job cook a Vedic name with
the hump in see other name another
actually especially is occasion clear
debonair nine flavor say this one nine
layers and colors and the best part is
that Atlas KK on which avoid tempting
like right what's Anderson the colors
red and yellow and green what M think
allows it so let's start okay so chef
abutted EG consejo flavors use can Holly
sure your hair isn't okay Apple
strawberry strawberry that have the
combination gay raspberry qey so very
nice that statue a blueberry orange
chocolate or cherry or a quenelle Olga
talking killing Mooji it's like thank
you but a bitter cake banana ash a
Flickinger colors or ingredients job use
career just the recipes are jocular
kuvira one kuraki obviously right even
the carnage is ooh Whitney I will be it
because the especially KK as we ask Amy
ahead humph erotic bonne journee ring it
with give a kite
tamo dolla dolla or pan adhara
so a be dramatic a cup base there Oh
Jeff it's Khojaly big holes I gotta hunt
a motto is kiss sandwich layering hoagie
is cook our circadian Dahlonega log
flavors feel icky trying it so basically
you see cake in or layer burning it with
nine different flavors so we'll have to
wait for half an hour
it means ahsan is anyone ever is be
asked a cake to a time-consuming process
and some dry weight carrying heavy okay
so Aragon Takuya Baha 30 crew are you
insane or chef Nikhil airing a bikini
bikini slice curry I'm at Levis Keiko or
divided Korea arugula portions when you
scan that I'm flavouring up cutting it
so Baek ho chuka hey cut curly I kick up
flavouring gonna join a tempting colors
insomnia unko you scaring is let's see
chef are make a savory help cut there
have put me tired so basically it's only
met has Joe
Muriel's SBS KBS mention relation it's
all meet ha there is no carb a heart so
submit I am relationship with mr. Krown
Olga yellow oh yeah up green lay there
because normally green color when a cake
Smith now usually need a cat so let's
see a castle a time are a chocolate
based cake pay so now we will try stop
so chef amariah last cleric John
chocolate Gilligan a valid whiskey by
the sky single me right because
computerizing obviously is good frequent
and recurring it easy or ferus caballus
garnish cream she casts a blast
chocolate killer my favorite through
legality
so one nano VA 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
so finally kick up surf school and
noggin Avakian ScarJo garnishing hyojoo
be escalating who got worse situation
they're like naughty appealing like 90s
be radical so what's cool part Bucky yet
so he said well freshman activist key I
sing like buck completo be Orient of
hips a freshman jacket underneath a key
is said holy forgive us a theater or a
Marisa me result or a block of a
sidekick you finally home cook up Colin
camellia other grant up any other went
up for chicas have broke up Almeida
other
but HR agama you're actually see
calculated when I never of career told a
second strikers acting him what kar
sakthe awakening
so thank you to Renaissance Mumbai
convention center hotel and Hamada
shampoo hamper in Kabul botany Joaquin
Luna III manikyam is a tea cake baqia
especially as we assume are you audience
me thank you thank you very much so yeah
hamari turn up say hey sbst really nine
years completed canopy nine successful
beautiful years completed canopy or RGB
hum ten eleven twelve hundred Baha sorry
anniversary sad Carnival a hopefully so
congratulations for completing nine
years arc a hundred and thousand years
complete or hummed or overlay now but
SBS Harish I in today in Qatar every
audience